Added a note about relationships need to be restarted to show in Grap… (#2619)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/graphql.md

}
```

> Additionally, by default, all custom fields in GraphQL will be prefixed with `cf_`. A custom field name `site_type` will appear in GraphQL as `cf_site_type` as an example. The prefix can be changed or remove the prefix by setting the value of `GRAPHQL_CUSTOM_FIELD_PREFIX`.

Reviewer: Wouldn't be a bad idea to add a cross-link here:

```suggestion
Additionally, by default, all custom fields in GraphQL will be prefixed with `cf_`. A custom field name `site_type` will appear in GraphQL as `cf_site_type` as an example. The prefix can be changed by setting the value of [`GRAPHQL_CUSTOM_FIELD_PREFIX`](../configuration/optional-settings.md#graphql_custom_field_prefix).
```

}
```

## Working with Computed Fields

> By default, all custom fields in GraphQL will be prefixed with `cpf_`. A computed field name `ip_ptr_record` will appear in GraphQL as `cpf_ip_ptr_record` as an example. The prefix can be changed or remove the prefix by setting the value of `GRAPHQL_COMPUTED_FIELD_PREFIX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all custom fields in GraphQL will be prefixed with `cpf_`. A computed field name `ip_ptr_record` will appear in GraphQL as `cpf_ip_ptr_record` as an example. The prefix can be changed by setting the value of [`GRAPHQL_COMPUTED_FIELD_PREFIX`](../configuration/optional-settings.md#graphql_computed_field_prefix).
```
